Thank you, Rishika and Lisha. Thank you so much.
Good morning.
Respected Secretary General and Chair of this Closing Ceremony, Mr Dibas Khadka, and Honourable Managing Director and Chief Guest of this ceremony, Mr Ram Basnet, sir
Honourable Chairperson and Special Guest, Madam Sheetal Rana,
Respected Principal, Mr Prashant Rajak, sir, Administrative In-charge, Mr Niraj Bickram Rana, sir; MUN Advisor, Mr Govinda Gautam, sir; Logistics Team Coordinator, Mr Jitendra Basnet, sir; all supervisors, in-charges, teachers, delegates, and my fellow teammates;
I am delighted to address this session here today. For myself too, if I look back, I am unlikely to be here in front of you. However, as they say, God has a way out for everyone, and that has been the same for me.
Weak in tests, silent in class, and mostly lonely without having people to talk with, I continued to believe that one day, I would rise too, and today I did.
I love art. I love creativity. I love talking. I showed what I had. I did what I got. I honestly thank my team mentor, Mr Jitendra Basnet, sir, for believing in me for this role. Thank you, sir.
Coming from being a lone wolf, it was a tough hurdle for me to adjust to a team environment. Fortunately, as time went on, I learned to enjoy working with my teammates and understand the value of being part of a team.
If you had seen me last year, I was just a girl, a delegate in Model Parliament in grade 8 and in HRC in grade 9, wishing to become a dais member in Class 10, as it was the inspiration left of the graduated seniors. Who I am now is because of the mistakes I made in the past years. This year, I made it to one of the best positions in TESMUN, and that is the proudest thing about me.
It is not that you have to completely ignore your past. You need to look back at it, learn from it, and improve yourself from the mistakes you have made and the misunderstandings that were created.
Talking about misunderstandings, there was one between me and our IS of the Nepali Department and the coordinator of the Logistics Team, Mr Jitendra Basnet, sir. We had a debate about the fairness of the teammates. In the end, I found that I was only seeing the team members’ perspective while completely ignoring his point of view. That experience really taught me the importance of being open-minded and understanding another person’s perspective.
Likewise, our Secretary General told us that we are not perfect, and that is probably the best thing we can wish for, because it means we can always make things better.
We all have the wolf within us. It just needs to be used at the right time, in the right moment, and in the right way. That wolf can help us in whatever task we take up in the future.
Here, I can see the smartest people sitting and representing people who are not themselves, yet debating with research, confidence, and logic. Later on, you need to find the position you are best at and the path where you can truly show what you have.
Before I end my talk, I would love to wish all of you the very best for the days ahead. And whenever you feel low, you can see me. I may not have all the answers, but I will always remind you that even a lone wolf can find its pack, find its voice, and rise.
Thank you. 
